
    Q: How much does a DIVERA bamboo bike weight?
    A: Depending on the frame size, the most of our naked frames weight between 2.7-3.2 Kg (6-7 lbs). When components and equipment are added on the frame, the average weight is about 10 kg (14 lbs).

    Q: How resistant is the frame to impact or rough terrain?
    A: Our frames were tested by professional bikers under extreme conditions. As expected, our frames proved they can withstand a lot of abuse, performing extremely well even under those harsh conditions and rough terrain. However, wheels, pedals or other components might be susceptible to damage if used in conditions they were not designed to be used. For example, a slim and thin rim, designed to be used only in the city and on flat roads, might be damaged if used on rough terrain. Same goes for forks and pedals.

    How will the frame resist in time?
    A common problem with most of our competitors frames is that the bamboo tends to split in a few months or years. This can happen for a variety of reasons varying from the type of bamboo used to the way it was processed and treated. At DIVERA we collaborate with world experts in bamboo industry to make sure we choose the best species of bamboo from over 1500 types. Moreover, in order to be sure that our frames will last many years in various climate conditions, the bamboo goes through a series of drying  in a controlled manner and environmentally friendly chemical processes. Additionally, after the frames are built and all the joints have dried and hardened, they go through a extra temperature-controlled step, meant to relieve the internal stress of the frame after all the joints are made. All these factors will ensure that our frames will last at least 20 years in any climate (hot or cold, humid or dry) without any structural problems.

    How long is the warranty I get?
    We know our frames will last very good in time therefore we offer 10 Years warranty for our frames.

    But will the bugs eat it?
    Short answer: NO. The frame has a special epoxy coating that will make the bugs uninterested. If the coating is by any chance damaged, then the boric acid (obtained from sasonite; a natural mineral) that is in the fibers will, for sure, keep the bugs and mites away as it is an insecticide. It is non-toxic for humans and we use it in the bamboo drying process. Is like a thing that has to be done.

    So will it burn like a torch if I am going to BBQ and a hot piece of coal will land on it?
    Nope... You could not lit it on fire even if you´ll try. Again is the epoxy coating and the boric acid from the wood that will prevent the bamboo to burn. Boric acid is commonly used in wood industry as flame retardant because of it´s non-toxicity for humans and is also safe for enviroment (except bugs, ants and mites).
